You know wrong
Student's fault
He also asked the chief to help the students hide it
Students are also a last resort
as a last resort
Seduce the students of my academy
Do you live with you in the future?
Back mountain
I know you're tired of breaking your sleeves
I never thought you would be so bold
If you collide with Jinyi Wei Dayu because of you
Let the adults take their anger at the academy
You are to blame even if you die
Don't worry
He won't piss me off.
Because I am the one who has sex with him in the back mountain
I was pleased with him.
Adults suffer
I don't know if that's you
Don't worry, I don't know what happened today.
He can still study at the academy